SPORTS
news_image/chris-12-2017-9.jpg 
1
Creates history by winning two major cycling events in 2017
Chris Froome Continues To Rock!
Star cyclist Chris Froome continues to groove as he paddled his way towards victory at Vuelta a Espana racing tournament held in Madrid, Spain on 11 September. He has created history by winning both Tour de France as well as La Vuelta racing tournaments in this year of 2017. 
Chris Froome is a star cyclist from Britain who plays for UCI ProTeam Team Sky. This year only, he had won Tour de France in Paris. Froome not only won the red jersey, which is given to the overall winner but also won the white jersey as well as the green jersey. People have already started comparing him with the legend player Eddy Merckx who has won more than 500 races in his career. This victory can be called as Froome’s fifth grand tour win which is a rare feat for a British cyclist.      
2017 belongs to Froome. Not only he won Tour-Vuelta Double, he also won a Bronze medal for his country in the Olympics. He is 32 years old and still has a lot of game left in him.
Madrid
Spain
Chris Froome 
LIFE
news_image/ausad-12-2017-9.jpg 
1
India has shown its anger over an Australian advertisement which shows an Indian God eating lamb
India Offended by Australian Ad
An Australian TV ad created with a support by meat industry group called Meat and Livestock Australia (MLA) has angered the Indian community in Australia. This ad shows figures of all the different religions eating together lamb.
The ad shows the gods of different religions coming together and having a great time over a meal. The intention was to show that despite differences, everyone loves to have good food. At the end, all Gods were shown eating lamb and wine. However, this TV ad has offended many Indians.  The religious sentiments of a group have been hurt because the Hindu culture and tradition stay away from eating any kind of non-vegetarian. Meat and Livestock Australia (MLA) has been asked by the Indian High Commission to take the ad off.<br?Lord Ganesh is not considered to be a meat eater by Hindus. Therefore, they have been offended by this portrayal of him eating lamb. According to the Australian Advertising Standards Bureau, more than 30 complaints were made from people of different faiths. The MLA said that it only wanted to promote unity in diversity through its ad. Kapil Sachdeva, an Australian man criticized the ad for releasing it the days after Lord Ganesh’s birthday. 
We live in a diverse world. It is important to understand and respect every individual and their religious sentiments. Outrage from the Hindu community, but at the same intention of the ad cannot be disregarded. 
Australia
Australia
Meat and Livestock Australia
WORLD
news_image/rmuslims-12-2017-9.jpg  
1
More than 300,000 have fled their homes after Military’s Brutal Operation
Rohingya Muslims Cry For Help in Myanmar
On 12 September, it was reported by the United Nations that more than 300,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to Bangladesh; due to a Military Operation launched by Myanmar government last month. UN also added that they are in desperate need of help. 
Myanmar is basically a Buddhist country with very few Muslims. These Muslims are basically Rohingya Muslims and are living at Rakhine, Myanmar from decades. Last month, some militants belonging to the Rohingya Community attacked the police force to seek revenge. In response, the government launched a violent campaign against the militants. However, not only militants were attacked but the whole community of Rohingya Muslims was brutally forced to move out of Myanmar.<br>As per the United Nations - a world peace organization - more than 300,000 Rohingya Muslims have left their country. Experts believe that Rohingya Muslims were always considered to be illegally living in the nation and therefore many Myanmar Buddhists hate them. And now, since they are driven out of their homes, they have literally nowhere to go.<br>The worst part is that the Myanmar government has not allowed human right investigators to visit Myanmar. UN High Commission on Human Rights has requested the government to end the military operation and provide immediate help to the displaced people.  
The situation in Myanmar is completely man made and is a pure result of hatred and jealousy. Who would have thought that in a place of Lord Buddha, who promoted peace and love, such level of hostility would erupt? A day ago, the Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leader Dalai Lama said that those who are harassing Muslims should remember Buddha.
Myanmar
Myanmar
Rohingya Muslims
WORLD
news_image/tatars-12-2015-9.jpg 
1
He was leading the protests against Russia, which took over control of Crimea which a part of Ukraine
Crimean Tatar Leader Jailed
The deputy chairman of the Crimean Tatar parliament, Akhtem Chiygoz has been jailed for 8 years. Russia has sentenced him to jail for protesting against the Russian Federation’s control of Crimea, in Ukraine. 
Crimea was a Ukrainian territory until in the year 2014 when Russia annexed it. Since then, there have been protests against the Russian government. The major protests are by Crimean Tatars. Crimean Tatars are the ethnic group belonging to Crimea. Akhtem Chiygoz is the deputy head of it and has conducted many rebellion movements against the Russian government. In 2014, he led a protest in Simferpol where clashes took place and two people were killed.<br>The President of Ukraine, Petro Poroshenko has also criticized Russia many times. He even wrote on Facebook that the Crimeans will keep fighting for their freedom from Russia. Even the EU and Amnesty International have recognized that the human rights of the Crimean Tatars have been taken control of by Russia. As such movements could put Russia’s position in danger in Crimea, they have jailed Akhtem Chiygoz. 
Since the time Russia took over Crimea, things have been disturbed in the region. Protests have been going on and people have died. The international community needs to step up and start talks with Russia. 
Crimea
Ukraine 
Akhtem Chiygoz
LIFE
news_image/parasites-12-2017-9.jpg  
1    
Climate change could lead to disappearing of parasites in the next 50 years
Are Parasites so important for a life on earth?
A new study conducted by the researchers at the University of California, US reveals that the earth’s changing climate could cause the extinction of up to one-third of its parasite species by the year 2070.
These parasites include organisms such as tapeworms, roundworms, ticks, lice, fleas and other pests most of which are best known for causing disease in humans as wells as animals. But these organisms play an important part in every ecosystem of our earth. They help in controlling wildlife populations. They complete the food chains. So, their loss could significantly disturb the ecosystem and food chain.<br>Rising global temperatures or global warming could also lead to parasites moving into cooler regions, such as the UK and Canada. There they will have a significant, but unpredictable, effect on the diseases they carry.
Despite the fact that parasites have an important role to play in the smooth functioning of any of the ecosystem, very less attention has been paid to the impact on them due to climatic changes. Studies highlight their delicate position in the complex ecosystem. It’s time to realise that these little organisms need to be included in conservation talks.
California
US
University of California
GOOD NEWS
news_image/
1
Nantian and Daxiba benefitted from the internet. Internet changed the lives of these rural people 
Internet helped these 2 villages to be rich
Zhong Qilan, 51 hails from Nantian, in Jiangxi&apos;s Huichang County. He grows navel oranges in an area of about 10 hectares in the mountainous area at Jiangxi, China. A poverty alleviation campaign lifted this province up and changed its fate. 
In today’s world, there are no boundaries to market. Don&apos;t get confused as the market today is not restricted to your nearby area. The reason behind the endless market space is none other than &apos;Internet'. Amazon, eBay, Shopclues, Limeroad are only a few examples of the online shopping websites. These websites sell almost every kind of daily routine or domestic items. However, there are websites that sell only specific items. Like, &apos;first cry&apos; sells only kids items. This very concept was used by the people of Nantian and Daxiba.<br>Three years ago, Zhong Qilan, used to sell approximately 50,000 Kgms of oranges. This was increased to 300,000 Kgms by 2016. But, how! Via… online websites like Taobao. A huge interactive screen is placed in the village to sell the oranges along with many other crops, seeds, livestock, etc. online.
With the help of the internet, farmers are able to directly get in touch with customers and sell their agricultural products. A win-win situation for both farmers and buyers; they get rich and you get rich in health!
Jiangxi
China
Nantian and Daxiba 
WORLD
news_image/12thsummit-12-2017-9.jpg  
1    
The 12th Annual Summit between India and Japan to be held in Gandhinagar, Gujarat.
India and Japan come together!
The Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet the Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on 13 September. The main motive for their meeting at 12th Annual Summit is to discuss ways to further develop the multi faceted cooperation between the two countries.
Multi faceted cooperation refers to adopting an approach which covers many aspects of working together in the same direction. This means that India and Japan are looking forward to working together for the development and growth of both the countries in various areas. They will first study upon the recent progress because of the good ties between both the nations and then bring out news ways to enhance it. This will be the 12th annual summit between India and Japan and the 4th one to be conducted between Modi and Abe. During the two days visit by Japanese Prime Minister, they will also be present at the 8 km long road show in Ahmedabad. 
At this time when North Korea is testing hydrogen bomb and launching a missile over Japan, and not to forget China’s aggression, this annual summit is of great importance and it hopes to bring out the best for both the nations. 
Gandhinagar
Gujarat
Annual Summit
ENTERTAINMENT
news_image/rajnikanth-2-9-2017-9.jpg 
1
Music, teaser and trailer to be released soon
Viewers eagerly awaiting the release of 2.0
Bollywood's Rajinikanth-Akshay Kumar starrer 2.0 was to be released in October 2017, in India. However, was postponed to January in 2018. And now, the teaser and trailer will release next month.
Shivaji Rao Gaekwad - popularly known as Rajinikanth - changed the fate of  South Indian movies. This man, once a bus conductor did not know what destiny holds for him. Similarly, is the story of Rajiv Bhatia whom we know as Akshay Kumar. Son of a military officer and a disciplined martial arts expert never knew what his future be in Indian Cinema. He is amongst the highest paid celebrities.<br>The two are coming together for the first time in 2.0 The eagerly waiting audience was disappointed to know the postponement of the release to January 2018. The audience, however, would be happy to know that the teaser of the movie will be out in the month of November. Subsequently, will follow the trailer in the month of December. Creative head of Lyca Productions, Raju Mahalingam, informed the fans that Audio of the movie will be released in Dubai in October. November is the month for the release of Teaser in Hyderabad. Chennai, the best place for the release of Trailer in December.
Rajinikanth and Akshay Kumar both have the huge list of fans and hit movies. Even the last releases Robot and Toilet - Ek Prem Katha were blockbuster hits. 
India
India
Rajinikanth-Akshay Kumar starrer 2.0 