Sports
image_news/6-10-8-17.jpg
1
South Korean Kim In Kyung wins her first major in Women’s British Open Golf.
Game Changing Moment for Kim In- Kyung!
South Korea's Kim In-Kyung successfully overcame the challenge of England's Jodi Ewart Shadoff to claim the women's British Open Golf at Kingsbarns, Scotland on Sunday. This was her first major title. Kim In-Kyung won by two strokes. Her final score was ‘18 under par’ against ‘16 under par’ of Jodi Ewart Shadoff. The challenge put up by Jodi Ewart in the final round made Kim little nervous as Jodi Ewart’s final score was made up of five successive birdies.
Par is the most important concept of the game of golf. Par is a number given to every hole, which means a player is expected to put the ball into that hole withion the par number of strokes. For example: 3-par hole means that player should be able to put the golf ball into the hole in 3 strokes. When a player complete the hole in more than 3 strokes, it is called ‘3-over par’. And, when less than 3 strokes, it is ‘3-under par’ i.e. 3 less strokes were required. Birdie is a form of par which means the hole was completed in one stroke less. The similar thing is applied on one round of game of golf, too. By adding the par of all the holes, Par for one round of game is determined. Par for each round was 72 for Women’s British Open. In first round, the 29-year-old opened with a birdie and finished the game with a score of 64 i.e. 8 under par. She maintained the nearby performance in next two rounds, too. But in final round, her score was only 71 i.e. 1-under par and that of Jodi Ewart’s was 64 i.e. 8-under par. Although Jodi Ewart won that round, she could not beat the Kim’s final score for the tournament. Kim won with a score 266 i.e. 18-under par.
Jodi Ewart’s final round performance might have taken away the winning position from Kim In-Kyung. But, since Kim was leading the game from the beginning itself, perhaps that made Jodi lose the game in her mind much before she lost it on the course. That's why they say, Well begun is half done !





